docs/installation.rst, before:

Installation
============

1. Install package:

.. code-block:: python

    pip install django-rest-auth

2. Add ``rest_auth`` app to INSTALLED_APPS in your django settings.py:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'rest_framework',
        'rest_framework.authtoken',
        ...,
        'rest_auth'
    )


.. note:: This project depends on ``django-rest-framework`` library, so install it if you haven't done yet. Make sure also you have installed ``rest_framework`` and ``rest_framework.authtoken`` apps

3. Add rest_auth urls:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns = patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/', include('rest_auth.urls'))
    )

4. Migrate your database

.. code-block:: python

    python manage.py migrate 
    
    
You're good to go now!


Registration (optional)
-----------------------

1. If you want to enable standard registration process you will need to install ``django-allauth`` by using ``pip install django-rest-auth[with_social]``.

2. Add ``django.contrib.sites``, ``allauth``, ``allauth.account`` and ``rest_auth.registration`` apps to INSTALLED_APPS in your django settings.py:

3. Add ``SITE_ID = 1``  to your django settings.py

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'django.contrib.sites',
        'allauth',
        'allauth.account',
        'rest_auth.registration',
    )
    
    SITE_ID = 1

3. Add rest_auth.registration urls:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns = patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/', include('rest_auth.urls')),
        url(r'^rest-auth/registration/', include('rest_auth.registration.urls'))
    )


Social Authentication (optional)
--------------------------------

Using ``django-allauth``, ``django-rest-auth`` provides helpful class for creating social media authentication view. 

.. note:: Points 1 and 2 are related to ``django-allauth`` configuration, so if you have already configured social authentication, then please go to step 3. See ``django-allauth`` documentation for more details.

1. Add ``allauth.socialaccount`` and ``allauth.socialaccount.providers.facebook`` or ``allauth.socialaccount.providers.twitter`` apps to INSTALLED_APPS in your django settings.py:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'rest_framework',
        'rest_framework.authtoken',
        'rest_auth'
        ...,
        'django.contrib.sites',
        'allauth',
        'allauth.account',
        'rest_auth.registration',
        ...,
        'allauth.socialaccount',
        'allauth.socialaccount.providers.facebook',
        'allauth.socialaccount.providers.twitter',

    )

2. Add Social Application in django admin panel

Facebook
########

3. Create new view as a subclass of ``rest_auth.registration.views.SocialLoginView`` with ``FacebookOAuth2Adapter`` adapter as an attribute:

.. code-block:: python

    from allauth.socialaccount.providers.facebook.views import FacebookOAuth2Adapter
    from rest_auth.registration.views import SocialLoginView

    class FacebookLogin(SocialLoginView):
        adapter_class = FacebookOAuth2Adapter

4. Create url for FacebookLogin view:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns += patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/facebook/$', FacebookLogin.as_view(), name='fb_login')
    )


Twitter
#######

If you are using Twitter for your social authentication, it is a bit different since Twitter uses OAuth 1.0.

3. Create new view as a subclass of ``rest_auth.views.LoginView`` with ``TwitterOAuthAdapter`` adapter and  ``TwitterLoginSerializer`` as an attribute:

.. code-block:: python

    from allauth.socialaccount.providers.twitter.views import TwitterOAuthAdapter
    from rest_auth.views import LoginView
    from rest_auth.social_serializers import TwitterLoginSerializer

    class TwitterLogin(LoginView):
        serializer_class = TwitterLoginSerializer
        adapter_class = TwitterOAuthAdapter

4. Create url for TwitterLogin view:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns += patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/twitter/$', TwitterLogin.as_view(), name='twitter_login')
    )
.. note:: Starting from v0.21.0, django-allauth has dropped support for context processors. Check out http://django-allauth.readthedocs.org/en/latest/changelog.html#from-0-21-0 for more details.


JWT Support (optional)
----------------------

By default, ``django-rest-auth`` uses Django's Token-based authentication. If you want to use JWT authentication, you need to install the following:

1. Install ``django-rest-framework-jwt`` http://getblimp.github.io/django-rest-framework-jwt/ . Right now this is the only supported JWT library. 

2. Add the following to your settings 

.. code-block:: python

    REST_USE_JWT = True

Commit message:

Update JWT Support documentation to explain how the library uses django-rest-framework-jwt to handle token encoding.

docs/installation.rst, after:

Installation
============

1. Install package:

.. code-block:: python

    pip install django-rest-auth

2. Add ``rest_auth`` app to INSTALLED_APPS in your django settings.py:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'rest_framework',
        'rest_framework.authtoken',
        ...,
        'rest_auth'
    )


.. note:: This project depends on ``django-rest-framework`` library, so install it if you haven't done yet. Make sure also you have installed ``rest_framework`` and ``rest_framework.authtoken`` apps

3. Add rest_auth urls:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns = patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/', include('rest_auth.urls'))
    )

4. Migrate your database

.. code-block:: python

    python manage.py migrate 
    
    
You're good to go now!


Registration (optional)
-----------------------

1. If you want to enable standard registration process you will need to install ``django-allauth`` by using ``pip install django-rest-auth[with_social]``.

2. Add ``django.contrib.sites``, ``allauth``, ``allauth.account`` and ``rest_auth.registration`` apps to INSTALLED_APPS in your django settings.py:

3. Add ``SITE_ID = 1``  to your django settings.py

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'django.contrib.sites',
        'allauth',
        'allauth.account',
        'rest_auth.registration',
    )
    
    SITE_ID = 1

3. Add rest_auth.registration urls:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns = patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/', include('rest_auth.urls')),
        url(r'^rest-auth/registration/', include('rest_auth.registration.urls'))
    )


Social Authentication (optional)
--------------------------------

Using ``django-allauth``, ``django-rest-auth`` provides helpful class for creating social media authentication view. 

.. note:: Points 1 and 2 are related to ``django-allauth`` configuration, so if you have already configured social authentication, then please go to step 3. See ``django-allauth`` documentation for more details.

1. Add ``allauth.socialaccount`` and ``allauth.socialaccount.providers.facebook`` or ``allauth.socialaccount.providers.twitter`` apps to INSTALLED_APPS in your django settings.py:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'rest_framework',
        'rest_framework.authtoken',
        'rest_auth'
        ...,
        'django.contrib.sites',
        'allauth',
        'allauth.account',
        'rest_auth.registration',
        ...,
        'allauth.socialaccount',
        'allauth.socialaccount.providers.facebook',
        'allauth.socialaccount.providers.twitter',

    )

2. Add Social Application in django admin panel

Facebook
########

3. Create new view as a subclass of ``rest_auth.registration.views.SocialLoginView`` with ``FacebookOAuth2Adapter`` adapter as an attribute:

.. code-block:: python

    from allauth.socialaccount.providers.facebook.views import FacebookOAuth2Adapter
    from rest_auth.registration.views import SocialLoginView

    class FacebookLogin(SocialLoginView):
        adapter_class = FacebookOAuth2Adapter

4. Create url for FacebookLogin view:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns += patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/facebook/$', FacebookLogin.as_view(), name='fb_login')
    )


Twitter
#######

If you are using Twitter for your social authentication, it is a bit different since Twitter uses OAuth 1.0.

3. Create new view as a subclass of ``rest_auth.views.LoginView`` with ``TwitterOAuthAdapter`` adapter and  ``TwitterLoginSerializer`` as an attribute:

.. code-block:: python

    from allauth.socialaccount.providers.twitter.views import TwitterOAuthAdapter
    from rest_auth.views import LoginView
    from rest_auth.social_serializers import TwitterLoginSerializer

    class TwitterLogin(LoginView):
        serializer_class = TwitterLoginSerializer
        adapter_class = TwitterOAuthAdapter

4. Create url for TwitterLogin view:

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns += patterns('',
        ...,
        url(r'^rest-auth/twitter/$', TwitterLogin.as_view(), name='twitter_login')
    )
.. note:: Starting from v0.21.0, django-allauth has dropped support for context processors. Check out http://django-allauth.readthedocs.org/en/latest/changelog.html#from-0-21-0 for more details.


JWT Support (optional)
----------------------

By default ``django-rest-auth`` uses Django's Token-based authentication. If you want to use JWT authentication, follow these steps:

1. Install `django-rest-framework-jwt <http://getblimp.github.io/django-rest-framework-jwt/>`_
    - ``django-rest-framework-jwt`` is currently the only supported JWT library.
2. The ``JWT_PAYLOAD_HANDLER`` and ``JWT_ENCODE_HANDLER`` settings are imported from the ``django-rest-framework-jwt`` settings object.
    - Refer to `the library's documentation <http://getblimp.github.io/django-rest-framework-jwt/#additional-settings>`_ for information on using different encoders.

3. Add the following configuration value to your settings file to enable JWT authentication.

.. code-block:: python

    REST_USE_JWT = True
